[3.x] Shaders: Backport structs documentation (#11249)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/shaders/shader_reference/shading_language.rst

    const float PI = 3.14159265358979323846;

Structs
-------

Structs are compound types which can be used for better abstraction of shader
code. You can declare them at the global scope like:

.. code-block:: glsl

    struct PointLight {
        vec3 position;
        vec3 color;
        float intensity;
    };

After declaration, you can instantiate and initialize them like:

.. code-block:: glsl

    void fragment()
    {
        PointLight light;
        light.position = vec3(0.0);
        light.color = vec3(1.0, 0.0, 0.0);
        light.intensity = 0.5;
    }

> Or use struct constructor for same purpose:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or use a struct constructor for the same purpose:
```

.. code-block:: glsl

    PointLight light = PointLight(vec3(0.0), vec3(1.0, 0.0, 0.0), 0.5);

> Structs may contain other struct or array, you can also instance them as global

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Structs may contain other structs or arrays, you can also instance them as a global
```
